Poor quality. Makes squeaking noise as if walking in water.
Opened the box and got a pair of rotten old shoes. Dont know what to say beyond this.
Not genuine Nike. The product I received is a look alike. No size chart on the inside of the tongue and the back of the show has cheap design.
Fake product
This is a replica
Not genuine.
Worst product. Its not original nike.
This shoe is a first copy of nike airmax. No nike airmax shoes cost so cheap
This product is duplicate
I have doubt its real or not. It does not have sign and bar code at shoes under less.
Cheap Quality. It seems fake product. Looks great only in image
Very bad quality. Very high price and duplicate product.
I am totally disappointed!! No durability at all. The top portion of the cover was broken in 18days of use. Useless product. Never buy. Tempered glass not included.
Poor condition, not worth the price I paid.
One of the worst written books ever. Unclear, rambling long sentences, extremely difficult wording. You would think someone wrote this book to legitimize a degree or a midlife crisis by using a language most people can’t understand. You will be wasting your money on this book. Buy something different plenty of better written books on this topic out there.
YOU DON'T NEED THE BOOK! YOU CAN TOTALLY TAKE THE CLASS AND BE FINE WITH JUST THE ACCESS CODE! BIG WASTE OF MONEY!
Very flimsy poor quality shirt painted on emblem extremely overpriced
Dirtiest socks I've ever purchased. Looks like a road side selling item . Poor cloth quality Poor appearance. Don't buy it otherwise you'll regret it.
don't allow to sell these kind of cheap quality products.
Don't go for this ... Duplicate socks roadside socks are better than this socks. came in a jockey pack and inside you will find Reebok. Not at all happy with Amazon
This is old stock and quality very poor don’t buy this socks waste of your valuable money and time .
Very worst. no star for this product. A big zero for this product.. and there is no option to replace the product
Poor quality product. Looks like duplicate product.
very poor quality shoes..
Yes, these are replica. Dont buy them
is this replica..?
duplicate nike
fake shoes. these are not original shoes
The backpack has a lot of manufacturing defects. To start with, the "Dell" logo is not at the center, and the yellow stitches are not horizontal. Also the material is not good. The handle is also thin, thereby making it difficult to hold the bag properly. Also the back straps are small. Overall I feel betrayed after buying, unfortunately I had removed the company label attached alongwith, so no way to return it. Overall, a very bad choice for prospective buyers.
Extremely low quality. Not recommended. Not original Dell bag.
Lenovo laptop bag is better than this. The pockets are very very less. Only 3 pockets in first chain, two for pens and one for mobile that's it. Not for people who keeps several small and electronic stuffs. Not sure whether it is original!
just waste quality, bag gets teared after a period of time so stupid item, i wasted my money on this stupid product
Poor quality , bag tore on 1 St day of usage ... Amazon has started selling cheap quality products on website
This is an imitation product. Please don't buy it
duplicate bag .poor quality.dont buy.
Duplicate product
Doubt whether it is original or duplicate
Not good as expected. Bad quality
Product not worthy according to price and I didn't get any bill inside the packet, I am in doubt whether this product is genuine branded product or not , finishing is not up to the mark
Pathetic, already started Wearing down, cannot imagine it being a Reebok product.
not real
not comfortable
:(
not worth it
wastage
don't buy these
duplicate product
avoid this seller