Great product. Just as expected.
Exactly as described and verified Adidas gear! Some other posts seemed questionable but this one seemed legit, and is! I am pleasantly surprised at how comfortable they are, even more than what I expected!
Love these comfortable sneakers. They look great and fit well. I bought them with an upcoming vacation in mind, I plan to do a lot of walking and wanted a decent-looking sneaker.
This product is worth it.
I love them. Feels like I am walking on clouds.
Go for it. Awesome product.
This product is original.
Perfect quality, comfortable and fits just right. Finicky junior high grand daughter, loves them.
Best phone in this range.
Perfect 
THis is the best product in the market.
absolutely love these
t's worth every Dollar . Super Fast - Brilliant Battery Charge - Amazing Camera - Amazing Performance , more than 90 applications installed in less than one hour via Google . Only cons could be no headphones included in the package . Best Flagship relationship money/quality.
Excellent work and congratulations for the OnePlus Team .
Great phone at first use. Fast, easy to use, no bloatware, very happy with the device. Comes with a slim TPU cover which is a nice touch
This phone is amazing! Such an upgrade over my HTC One M8, minus the speaker which is a huge letdown but I guess they expect people to wear headphones or hook up a bluetooth speaker (yes this does have a 3.5mm (1.25inch) headphone jack for your listening pleasure).
This phone has to be the best phone I've ever bought in my life 8 gigabytes of RAM 128 storage and the performance is right there
excellent phone, shipping was very fast with this seller also !
great experience
really good
not bad
fascinating product
Excellent product and in great condition
Enjoying it after receiving yesterday. The shipping was faster than stated and packaging came as described. Love my OPT5t. Switched out from Samsung.
comfortable and nice fit
dont think twice just go for it
After a month of using this phone, I'm impressed with the performance. Best phone I have ever had.
excellent, i like it
I love these shoes! They are a rose gold as I hoped and have a VERY SOFT footbed. Now I need to find more pink clothes so I can wear these more often. :)
:)
Super comfortable! Fits with so many oufits!
Super cute and SO comfortable! True to size.
Love these shoes!! Very cute but the most important thing to me is they VERY VERY COMFORTABLE!! I have flat feet so bein on my feet all day can be bothersome but these are just as comfortable as regular running shoes. I would buy again and recommend
Best sweater ever
this is a great tshirt. color wont fade
These look so nice!
THESE ARE AMAZING. I am a size 9 in womens and got a size 7 and they fit BEYOND perfect. So please. SHIPPING WAS SO FAST I GOT THEM IN A DAY AND A HALF!
must buy
value for money
this is a trustable brand and the product is amazing
nice bag in reasonable price
very good product with extra carry space
Huge fan of these shoes! I've worn them SO much that they are starting to show signs of wear and tear, but I'll definitely be repurchasing. Fits true to size and cheaper than the department store or Adidas store.
truly awesome
love this laptop. value for money. best in the range.
I love them.
:)
totally worth it